Improve InterAppCalls documentation + update to current version (#3351)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Core.InterAppCalls/InterAppCalls_GettingStarted_CreatingExecutor.md

{
    if (String.IsNullOrWhiteSpace(Message.MyProperty))
    {
        return false;
    }
    
    return true;
}
```

Some methods, like DataSets and DataGets, have an object argument. This will mostly be `SLProtocol` or `IEngine`. These can also be used for a custom class with data, a database object, etc so you as a developer have more flexibility.

```csharp
public override void DataSets(object dataDestination)
{
    SLProtocol protocol = (SLProtocol)dataDestination;
    protocol.DeleteRow(Parameter.Mytable.tablePid, Message.MyProperty);
}
```

Lastly, you will also find one method that has a return type, the CreateReturnMessage. This is optional. It can be used to create a message to return and have it bubble up to the calling methods. If you do not need this, you can just return null. You could consider it as the "return" for the entire executor.

```csharp
public override Message CreateReturnMessage()
{
    return null;
}
```

In other cases, you want to immediately create a message that will eventually need to be returned to the sender.

```csharp
public override Message CreateReturnMessage()
{
    return new MyResponse { Guid = Message.Guid, Success = true };
}
```

> 

Reviewer: The Executor is following a design pattern called **Template Method Pattern**

Benefits:
Consistency: The overall process is consistent and follows the defined sequence.
Flexibility: Specific steps can be overridden in subclasses if different behavior is needed for certain executors.
Clarity: The sequence of steps is clearly defined in one place (the execute method of Executor).
This design pattern ensures that the core structure of the execution process remains intact while allowing for customization and extension where necessary.

If your logic does not require the standard Method Template, consider using the [simple executor](xref:InterAppCalls_Customizations#creating-a-simple-executor). This approach is ideal for simpler situations and helps avoid code bloat.

Author: Done

> [!NOTE]
> A return message does not necessarily need to be something to send to an external destination. A message could also be part of an internal API used to move data between classes, methods or QActions within your own connector. This can also be returned.

> [!TIP]

> > See the [simple executor](xref:InterAppCalls_Customizations#creating-a-simple-executor) if more simplicity is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If your logic does not require the standard Method Template, consider using the  [simple executor](xref:InterAppCalls_Customizations#creating-a-simple-executor). This approach is ideal for simpler situations and helps avoid code bloat.
```
